I’m a student from VietNam and want to learn Data structure & algorithms. I think it will be beneficial for my carrer. As you know, VietNam is a poor country, average wage in VietNam is . I live only for my scholarship (925 uah or about $37 per month).  In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs.  So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.
I want to take this course as I want to learn Marketing in English.

I want to complete the Marketing: Customer Needs and Wants Course on offer by IESE Business School. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Marketing and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

I’m a final year student from VietNam and want to learn Data structure & algorithms. I am not that financially good to be able to pay the fees. My parents have retired and I support my financial needs by taking part-time tuitions. I am staying in HaNoi where cost of living is high. I also have to pay my college fees. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate.
So, I really need this financial aid. I had also applied financial aid for other courses on coursera and got accepted, I am very regularly and honestly doing the courses. I hope that after doing these courses I will be able to get a decent job and then I will definitely try to contribute in whatever way possible to make coursera more bigger. Whenever I get a job, i will definitely contribute to Coursera financially. I will spread coursera as good-will ambassador.


I’m a student from VietNam and want to learn Data structure & algorithms. I think it will be beneficial for my carrer. As you know, VietNam is a poor country, average wage in VietNam is . I live only for my scholarship (925 uah or about $37 per month).  In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs.  So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.
I want to take this course as I want to learn Marketing in English.

I want to complete the Algorithms on Graph. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will give me better understanding about algorithms on graph and definitely help me to get a good job in top corporation such as Google, Facebook, Amazon. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.
I will definitely try to contribute in whatever way possible to make coursera more bigger. Whenever I get a full-time job, i will definitely contribute to Coursera financially. I will spread coursera as good-will ambassador.


Taking this course will definitely help me to achieve my career goals.
I am Masters student at VJTI, Mumbai. I am doing my masters in Computer Engineering and my Masters Project Title is - "Intelligent Machine Learning model for Financial Data Analysis".
I will be developing my project using Python and I will use dataset in excel file format therefore this course becomes very much important for me.
I had also applied financial aid for other courses on coursera and got accepted, I am very regularly and honestly doing the courses. I hope that after doing these courses I will be able to get a decent job and then I will definitely try to contribute in whatever way possible to make coursera more bigger. I will try to be a goodwill ambassador for coursera. I do encourage my juniors and my friends to take course on coursera. I have been following coursera since it's inception. This course will help me to become a good Python Developer and then I will be able to apply that to build my project successfully. Ultimately this course will provide me an opportunity to get Python Developer Job.
Whenever I get a job, i will definitely contribute to Coursera financially. I will spread coursera as good-will ambassador.


 I am not that financially good to be able to pay the fees. My parents are farmer and I support my financial needs by taking part-time tuitions. I am staying in Mumbai where cost of living is very high. I also have to pay my college fees.
So, I really need this financial aid. I had also applied financial aid for other courses on coursera and got accepted, I am very regularly and honestly doing the courses.
